Thank you, everyone for coming. And I already want again a beautiful announcement. This is the new
book.
The new book is called the "Beauty of Awakened Mind". It is by Dzogchen lineage of the great master
Shopu Dudtsi.
Shopu Dudtsi is one of the great masters in 11th century Iran, and he was one of the great masters,
particularly among the Dzogchen teachings. He is renowned as one of the great lineage holders
of the mind sections of the Dzogchen teachings. And this is one of the, again, legges of our great
teacher Keni Fadahir Rinpoche. He always has the interesting thought that you should mention
to bring up the spotlight of the great master 18 times. They have been so important and crucial
for the lineage, yet even many practitioners of the Nyingma Buddhist practitioners even don't
remember the names of these great masters. But he'd like to bring back those in the spotlight
and remember their finest, how important they are in the lineage of Dzogchen. And we practice Dzogc
hen,
they are the real length to these masters. And so this is one of his teachings. And I'm very
fortunate. I had so many great masters who kept so kindly and dearly in their wings. And I asked
that, and I had a great opportunity to stay under the wing of Keni Fadahir Rinpoche, so many years.
So I had also even my names here, able to join with his great legges in the Western Compassion.
And this is the Shapudu teaching. And this was, again, last couple of, many hours devoted Sangha
members, and then added by Richard Sternberg many times. And the beautiful Gower, look at this,
this Gower is trusted. Gower is like almost kind of coming out to this, this really world. And then
of course, along the all the way that Raupa stated behind the way, every project, every activity is
so kept up and both these results. So I think to all of them, I'm making three names, but there's
so many Sangha members involved with this. So I'd like to thank everyone. It is one of the legges
and one of the beautiful offerings to the lineage and also one of the great deep practice of those
who are interested in the Dzogchi teaching or the Buddhist agenda. So thank you, and I make this
offering again in the name of everyone. Okay. We all do.
(Singing in Dzogchi)
Thank you everyone again. I think it's already quite late. Maybe we don't have to schedule an
evening practice.
[ Inaudible ]